so lingo board your final jeopardy big
money captain Clause and I ain't afraid
Mustang let's go let's take now
hopefully you got it all twisted is it
it's my home you want what you gotta go
outside Columbia Pictures presents
/ Sony Pictures animation film my life
is missing and is all your cost what are
you gonna do
you're funny
I thought maybe but then I was like
uh-uh and then what are the morons just
rip it all trans like a bad day hold
still Stan Kutcher you may want to cover
your ears
[Music]
I'm going home you can't just don't
water it around out here be happy it's a
common mistake try it again I'll be
taking your funny blankie